Halt!
This is unprecedented.
What's the reason you,
the Secretary-General, took a tank here?
Is this an operation
that has been planned out?
Fellow citizens,
I'm General Nam Tae-il
who led tanks across Han River
and saved the country from the crisis.
And I've come myself
to punish the commie bastards
holding people hostage
in the middle of the capital of Korea.
I will make sure
to put an end to this completely.
Advance!
-My goodness.
-Hey, move.
Move aside!
Secretary-General Nam Tae-il
has taken the M48 Patton
to Hosu University
from the Capital Defense Command.
If martial law has been declared,
it's likely that troops will be sent
to Hosu University soon.
The Ministry of National Defense
hasn't made any announcements yet,
but since the armed spies
can blow themselves up any moment,
-the military seems
-Is that a tank?
-to be taking
-It is!
-a hard line on its own.
-Oh, no! What do we do?
What I'm seeing right now
is a tank, right?
Are they saying the tank is coming here?
Are we going to die?
What do we do now?
What now? You're the only person
who can fight with a gun here!
I really don't want to die here!
Where did the spies go
after making this mess?
-Did they run off
-Calm down.
after putting us in danger?
-I don't want to die!
-Calm down!
WE ARE THE VICTIMS OF THE ELECTION SCHEME
Before they break in,
we will get out of the dorm.
Let's all go to the prayer room. Now.
Come on. Let's go!
Let's go. Hurry!
-Hurry up!
-I'm so scared!
-I'm scared.
-Let's go.
-Salute!
-Welcome back, sir.
-Sir.
Hey.
Why is that bastard still here?
Huh?
God, you think
you can be here as you like?
Get them out!
-This way, sir.
-Hey, get me the detonator. Now.
Are you looking for this?
You bastard--
Honey!
Honey…
You idiot.
You know Han-na said on the radio
we'd kill all the students
We must
save all of them to win the election.
We must save the students.
The President ordered to kill them all,
you bastard!
-The President ordered to kill them!
-Get them out now!
-How dare you!
-Calm down.
Let's go to the hospital first.
Hold on.
Yes, Seung-jun.
Let Jang Han-na go.
Jang Han-na, sir?
Are you trying to make an enemy of Code 1?
What's wrong with you?
Well, but she's being questioned
about the broadcast.
Now!
Yes.
Understood, sir.
-How did it go last night?
-I lost it all.
-You really lost it all?
-Yes.
Okay, then. It'll be my treat tonight.